README.md, before:

# Motorcycle Classifier Frontend

This project is the frontend for a motorcycle classification model. The model is designed to classify different types of motorcycles based on images. The frontend provides an interface for users to upload images and view the classification results.

## Features

- Upload motorcycle images
- View classification results
- User-friendly interface

## Model

The classification model is hosted on Hugging Face. You can access the model using the following link:

[Motorcycle Classifier Model on Hugging Face](https://huggingface.co/spaces/Yoxxx/motorcycle-classifier)

## Installation

To run the frontend locally, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:
  ```bash
  git clone https://github.com/yourusername/motorcycle-classifier-fe.git
  ```
2. Navigate to the project directory:
  ```bash
  cd motorcycle-classifier-fe
  ```
3. Install the dependencies:
  ```bash
  npm install
  ```
4. Start the development server:
  ```bash
  npm run dev
  ```

## Usage

Once the development server is running, open your browser and navigate to the printed url. You can upload motorcycle images and view the classification results.

Commit message:

📝 Update README.md: add link to deployed frontend

README.md, after:

# Motorcycle Classifier Frontend

This project is the frontend for a motorcycle classification model. The model is designed to classify different types of motorcycles based on images. The frontend provides an interface for users to upload images and view the classification results.

The project is hosted on GitHub Pages and can be accessed using the following link:

[Motorcycle Classifier Frontend](https://yorgotabet.github.io/motorcycle-classifier/)

## Features

- Upload motorcycle images
- View classification results
- User-friendly interface

## Model

The classification model is hosted on Hugging Face. You can access the model using the following link:

[Motorcycle Classifier Model on Hugging Face](https://huggingface.co/spaces/Yoxxx/motorcycle-classifier)

## Installation

To run the frontend locally, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:
  ```bash
  git clone https://github.com/yourusername/motorcycle-classifier-fe.git
  ```
2. Navigate to the project directory:
  ```bash
  cd motorcycle-classifier-fe
  ```
3. Install the dependencies:
  ```bash
  npm install
  ```
4. Start the development server:
  ```bash
  npm run dev
  ```

## Usage

Once the development server is running, open your browser and navigate to the printed url. You can upload motorcycle images and view the classification results.
